Can you really pretend?
Give him to me
You guys are flipped with the naked eye
How can you see the power of my magic
Just now, my palm directly penetrated his heart
Who is not afraid of death, come and try it?
I'll learn a lesson
Hey hall master
You came just in time
This person preaches a feast of raw dragons
Kill him for me
Boy, all the big summer is gathered here today
A feast for the Dragon King
Don't let you run wild here
Who are you?
I am a female warrior of the first rank of Daxia
Fan
Hall Master of Qinglong Hall, one of the eight great halls under Daren's command
Fan Gebiao turned out to be no no no no
Brother Biao Fan Ruoli said that the Fan family is based on loyalty and righteousness
I didn't offend you.
You stand up for them indiscriminately
Boy, you dare to offend Mr. Zhao
He bluntly said that my family, Mr. Fan, is precious
All capital crimes
See if I kill you.
That being the case
I'll let you try my magic
court death
How could this be?
Why can't I see again?
Did this jade restore my sight?
I don't know anything at all